I can't get a divorce yet.
Pardon me?
ever
Regarding divorce
Sorry I can't agree
My company is just getting started now.
This matter was reported in a hurry
If news of our divorce breaks out now
My investors, what would they think?
security guard
We have been friends for so many years
Just do me a favor
At least don't get a divorce now, okay?
So this thing
Still have to wait
Just wait a minute!
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Hey Susu, what's wrong?
You and Sister Yan come to the hospital quickly
My brother just suddenly fainted
What did the doctor say?
The doctor said that the chick is a little complicated about the condition
It is recommended to find a larger hospital for examination
What boss?
Don't worry.
I'm going to go through professional procedures now and find you to hang up the key.
Xiaoyu
Are you Huaijin?
Yes
The one standing next to him
Is it the woman who attended the wedding that day?
Right
His name is Jiang Wanyi
It's Huaijin's ex-wife
Jiang Manyi
clear
Almost didn't recognize it
He is Jiang Xiaoping's daughter